Adding docs for 1.5 toolkit features (#804)
timescale/docs: api/topn.md

# topn()  <tag type="toolkit">Toolkit</tag><tag type="experimental">Experimental</tag>
This will return the most common values accumulated in a [frequency aggregate](hyperfunctions/frequency-analysis/freq_agg/).  Note that since the aggregate operates over `AnyElement` types, this method does require a type parameter to determine the type of the output.

This API is experimental and is subject to change without notice.

## Required arguments

|Name| Type |Description|
|-|-|-|
|`agg`|`FrequencyAggregate`|The aggregate to display the values for|
|`n`|`INTEGER`|The number of values to return|
|`ty`|`AnyElement`|A value matching the type to output from the aggregate|

## Returns

|Column|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|`topn`|`AnyElement`|The N most common elements seen in the aggregate.|

Note that if fewer than `N` elements have been found with the minimum frequency of the aggregate, this will return fewer than `N` values.

> ## Sample usage
> This test uses a table of randomly generated data.  The values here will be the integer square roots of random number in the range (0,400).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sample usage
This test uses a table of randomly generated data. The values used are the 
integer square roots of a random number in the range (0,400).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```sql
CREATE TABLE value_test(value INTEGER);
INSERT INTO value_test SELECT floor(sqrt(random() * 400)) FROM generate_series(1,100000);
```

> The following returns the 5 most common values seen in the table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This returns the 5 most common values seen in the table:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
